hey whats up guys its belly here and
today I've got something a little bit
different on my channel it's not saying
like a new clock sound on that place my
biggest domination win to date 200
points 22 just playing with one other
person which was absolutely insane
originally wasn't planning on go for
anything like this and it just sort of
happened I they couldn't get a flags we
were defending him like amazingly it was
just like they kept rushing and we just
kept in the defendant stuff I think I
get like 20 defends or something like
that on the flags and we just defend and
lock it down and it's so cutting I'm not
gonna spoil it but at the end it's so
gutting we thought you'll go do it like
so excited and the clicking the cuttings
chat we're in we're like oh my god we
can actually do this but this isn't what
I want talk about today i hope you guys
enjoyed the gameplay but there's so much
more to talk about today got the xbox
one we got all the new shooters that
coming out in the xbox one and all the
next generation consoles but first thing
i want to talk about is Titan full
because I think there's been so many
games they've been labeled as Cod
killers stuff like this and I was like
going into it right now Cod's never
going to be killed wait like not in the
near future anyways one of those games
is going to be around for a long time
everyone loves to play it's like such a
nice first person shooter to play it's
really simple to get into and just like
hang of you going do a domination back
do whatever right and it's a lot of fun
but time for it's made by the people who
I originally made called ue4 and monnel
ver2 and it was I got I got a great
opportunity to play at Gamescom and I
was absolutely my moment my eye I don't
really get this over games often but my
door like we just did that when we went
into thing you get an introduction video
that kind of explains the game to what
you what your choices are going to be
what time you're going to use what gun
class you're going to use what's
available to you and by the end of that
before I'd even even played the game my
jaw was dropped I absolutely loved it I
went on played it update I've got to
play it a few times not as much I Lagos
sadly but I a few games I did do it a so
much fun is so fast paced as such gonna
be such a big skill gap it's gonna be
insane because this guy is pretty much
just am at the best thing to do is when
your pilot just imagine it cod with the
opportunity to war run and do like
double jump stuff like that with your
jetpack and then when you get the
ability to go in a big fat ass robot all
right that is what it is it's just like
you kidding the study go are you doing
this trip you been
some big you'd gunfight the sites i
decide to realize it plays real it's
like cod on the ground and then you just
go oh great I've unlocked my tank all
that in and it brings a whole new
dynamic to the game which and they're
not overpower a lot of people think I
was like oh it's gonna be a fat it's
like ass-kicker kill streak in a way but
not as ridiculous every single person
has the ability to be able to take it
down you can jump on it used to get an
aerial advantage jump on it take it out
from above you've also got your Titans
Titan fight so I can remember this
big-time fight which was I was like
three times on each side and we all have
like our different abilities that you
get this one of the titans has an
ability waking like to eat like uses
magnets to take an incoming fire I like
shoot it back at the opponent and then
you got like these jetpacks and smoke
bombs and missiles going off there's
such a big skill gap and involved it all
that you've got all these grunts and
stuff which are AI controlled and it's
just like acts like a big warfare it's
always files patient ungodly when you
get those people who leave the game rage
quit and it just kills the pace of the
game completely for the rest of the game
because no one else gets really into it
it's constantly fast-paced because of
the grunt and it can replenish people
and stuff like that from what they could
from what I found I absolutely loved it
when I was playing it like absolutely I
can't wait for that and it's six months
gets launched up to six months after
ghost so ghost will be in its prime
because ghosts after sick or due to
generally after six months starts to get
on this decline and um then we will just
like start going out let's build up for
next game but this time year round we're
gonna have time for which I can't wait
for but anyway I want to move on because
the xbox one we're not entirely sure
when the xbox one's gonna SAP I've
decided just to get the xbox one purely
because of titanfall that's how good
time for was and I well as I said I was
out the other I was with xbox at
Gamescom thanks to Ali and like we got
so much hands-on with the Xbox the
controller is so nice like it is really
weird it doesn't feel heavier than the
other ex but like the like the current
xbox controller bit actually is but it's
because they've done it so it's like
more center of gravity sort of weight it
kind of fits in your hands and really
really feels really really nice and then
I use the pesos for controller and I
didn't like it that I think it's a big
thing that PlayStation have always had
is their control of Spooks like I i I'd
publishing to put so much emphasis on
steam
but I just don't like it doesn't feel
nice in your hands I it's like a t-rex
control i think i've said that in the
past but so yeah I would definitely
getting the xbox i think its release
just like a week or so before the
playstation 4 is in Europe I got not
showing the exact dates I've heard
different things and stuff but I'm
thinking it's gonna be a week before the
PlayStation 4 launch in Europe anyway
I'm not sure if it's gonna be a
worldwide lease or what because it's
like PlayStation 4 gets out like two
weeks early in the US you guys are lucky
if you're from the US like I still want
to play the next generation consoles but
the place is full Sunday unique it the
unique games on the PlayStation 4 look
insane and guys are lookin up the game
bag is here me and my friend George with
us like oh my God we're not gonna do it
so sprint rush and just 2.8 pulls off a
cuales like damn I love is like jumping
on it we thought were you gonna do it
here and I'll leave to rest where you
hope you enjoy it hey guys I'm coming up
to the end of this so it's one wrap up I
generally can't wait for Titan full
title is gonna be an incredible game
along with call of duty ghosts it's
going to give us so much more diversity
and I battlefield 4 is also really good
but I didn't enjoy it as much gamescom
because I didn't like it didn't flow as
well for me on one of the larger Maps it
didn't have the full I think it needs to
be like 32 v32 I think its day-to-day to
matts we while we were only 12 e 12
which is kind of gutting but with the
full people and when you are you playing
a full team group it's gonna be
absolutely amazing kool g come on guys
hey we will know call duty ghosts is
going to be awesome like I played it
like that I 10-plus hours of thing and
wasn't getting bored it's so fun and I
just can't wait for the next generation
consoles they say Xbox 360 s been a
great time we've had cold shit we've got
we've had mono fed three black ops 2
we've had that I palp it it's like kind
of evolved how shooters are and the only
thing that I kind of wish was halo was
how halo 2 was in in back in the day but
guys went up to the end of the game play
now 202 to to win sadly sadly we didn't
quite pull off the flawless but maybe
one day I will but that's probably my
greatest domination win in black
especially on a new map Stig and guys
let me know what you think of titanfall
and a new first-person shooters like
coming out for the xbox one and
playstation 4 see you guys soon bye